Context Switch: documentation alignment (#1614)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/context_import.md

Usage:  docker context import [OPTIONS] CONTEXT FILE|-

Import a context from a tar file
```

## Description

> Imports a context previously exported with `docker context export`. To Import from stdin, use `docker context import <context name> -`

Reviewer: nit: second `Import` doesn't need the caps

> Imports a context previously exported with `docker context export`. To import from stdin, use `docker context import <context name> -`

Reviewer 2: Perhaps explicitly mention the hyphen here (as it's easy to miss it at the end)

```suggestion
Imports a context previously exported with `docker context export`. To import
from `STDIN`, use a hyphen (`-`) as filename;

```bash
docker context import <context name> -
```

```
